chore: update docs for file and redis persistence (#92)
Unleash/unleash-edge: README.md

This means that, in order to start up, Edge mode needs to know where the upstream node is. This is done by passing the `--upstream-url` command line argument or setting the `UPSTREAM_URL` environment variable.

> By default, Edge mode uses in-memory to store the features it fetches from the upstream node. However, you may want to use a more persistent storage solution. Edge supports either Redis or a backup file, you can configure one of these by passing in the `--redis-url` command line argument or or `--backup_folder` respectively. On start-up, Edge check the persistent backup if one is specified, and use this to populate its internal caches. This can be useful when your Unleash server is unreachable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Edge mode uses an in-memory cache to store the features it fetches from the upstream node. However, you may want to use a more persistent storage solution. For this purpose, Edge supports either Redis or a backup file, which you can configure by passing in either the `--redis-url` or `--backup_folder` command line argument, respectively. On start-up, Edge checks whether the persistent backup option is specified, in which case it uses it to populate its internal caches. This can be useful when your Unleash server is unreachable.
```

  -u, --upstream-url <UPSTREAM_URL>
          Where is your upstream URL. Remember, this is the URL to your instance, without any trailing /api suffix [env: UPSTREAM_URL=]
  -r, --redis-url <REDIS_URL>

>           A url to a running Redis instance. Edge will use this instance to persist feature and token data and read this back after restart. Mutually exclusive with the --backup-folder option [env: REDIS_URL=]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         A URL pointing to a running Redis instance. Edge will use this instance to persist feature and token data and read this back after restart. Mutually exclusive with the --backup-folder option [env: REDIS_URL=]
```
